h1. README for Android Drifter APP(2014)


h1. Useful links


h2. Resource page of our previous work:
* "Drifters":http://float.berkeley.edu/drifters

h1. Install Android app locally

Installing the tool to run locally is a bit cumbersome, but please do as follows.


h2. 1. Prequisites

Download the google ADT (which contains the current ecpilse withe the SDK installed)
* "Eclipse with Google":http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html
* You must also have any android phone that runs ice cream sandwich or better (2.3 or higher)

h2. 2. Install the Tool

To get a new repostory on your local computer:

* Starting from Desktop, mkdir "drifter" on your terminal
* cd "drifter"
* git clone git@github.com:luckyx1/visualization_for_drifter.git
* now you have everything!

h2. 2 1/2. Running android for the first time

*Connect the phone to the computer via usb, and make sure that your phone is in developer mode.
*Open Eclipse and import the project from the drifter folder
*Click run as: select your phone from the current list
*if no compolization errors, your set, and can test locally

h2. 3. Daily Android Use 

To check if new updates has happened (while you have created no new content)
* git pull

To check if new updates has happpened(while you have created content) 
* git add -A //Only do this if you are working on a branch
* git commit -m "what you were working on"
* git pull
* -fix any merge conflicts

How to push your changes
* git add "file_name"
* git commit -m "what you were working on"
* git pull 
* -fix any merge conflicts
* git push

To create a branch
* git checkout -b branch_name

To push this branch to github
* git push origin branch_name

To switch to branch
* git checkout branch_name

To switch to master
* git checkout master

To update branch
* git pull master branch

To update master with branch
* git merge branch master

h2. 4. Android Files and explaination

Currentlyt there are two Activitys and One service

A service is defined as an action that the android phone does on the background.
An Activity on the other hand is a splash page where the user can interact with it via buttons or swipe.

Main Activity:
*controls whether to start or stop the service, and go to Config Activity

Congfig Activity:
*allows to modify values before sending to the service

GeoService:
*collects data via GPS and send it to Google Computer Engine


h2. 6. Otherlinks
Google Plugin for Eclipse
* "Plugin":https://developers.google.com/eclipse/

h1. 7. Maintainers

This is a list of the team as of 06/05/2014. If you have committed to this project, please add your name and contact to the list.

h2. Drift team~

*Robert Erick Hernandez Jr.* <r.hernandez@berkeley.edu>
*Deepak* <r.hernandez@berkeley.edu>
*Nicolas Plain* <r.hernandez@berkeley.edu>

h2. Written by (last update June 5, 2014) 
*Robert Erick Hernandez Jr*


Enjoy,
The WaterDrifter Team~